tow it out I sticking moon through the
man this bob and weave the negative
blocking out the haters my meditation is
medicine what is good boxing fans and
gamers it's the boy fighting in front of
the sofa time again i'm back on another
fight night champion online ranked match
and and this matchup we got Manny pacman
Pacquiao going up against a boy black
shadow to subscribe our mind 14
vulnerable with Roberto hands of stone
to rant but let's talk about the fight
night champion online for the most part
I want to address the issue that I've
been seen in my comments section quite a
few times on every soul of the video
about how spamming it's an art an
Italian it's a skill apparently going
out there and doing the most basic and
simple Arsenal in the game is it still I
think I spammers I think of six year old
children the way there's so many
families and some of these grown men
carry on in the online community for
this game it really reminds me of a few
pics year olds getting together and
acting school some of them by themselves
just acting get back and out a kid that
needs a spanking the kids that need a
whoopin a good one too when I think
about the online community our compared
to fix your old for the fleet an hour
there's a lot of grown men who play this
in aging
20 all the way up to 50 and maybe 50 but
you know like I said a lot of those are
playing the same but the way that they
carry on about it can be compared to
pick us out and I'm going like I'm a
grown-ass man fuck you calling a
six-year-old kid I think about this one
these spammers run and lay back on the
road and you have to negotiate with them
to get them to come for it in the fight
why should I have to go chase after
youth and plan the first shot of the men
in order to get you to come forward
while I shouldn't have to have more
points to you to come forward against me
why you run it grown men don't run from
things they face it head on and take
responsibility for the actions then
gains the problems we try to solve
problem so the man does right I've never
seen a man always running around from
situations when you're going to online
communities well the most people want to
do want to run around the ring we want
to run the track meet like Usain Bolt we
want to go around the fit ring the
fastest that they can and just land keep
counter they don't take no
responsibility and time can learn how to
play the game properly they look for the
simplest of Arsenal's in order to beat
their ponies look for the cheapest
exploits in order to beat their
opponents doesn't sound like a real man
to me think about it and the more
in-depth way you ever seen one of those
parents that's just sitting back in
length Timmy please come here Timmy
Timmy come here and the kids just lame
black like no I don't want to do it and
he's crying and sniffling all over the
place that's what I think about when it
comes to man's you ever seen that guy
that's just in the corner of the ring
with his guard up for no reason you can
be all the way in this end of the ring
but he's just standing there in that
corner and he was refused to come
forward at all costs because he's scared
to engage in a fight think about those
kids that avoid that an app that
inevitable ass with an F a dessert when
they know that belt was coming to go
across this and they will run all
way around the house runaround table
hide on the chairs you know do whatever
it takes to avoid that nasty and they do
the same thing going fighting it they
run around the wing for 12 rounds
straight and using hotshot materials and
straight jab straight if I step
uppercuts to avoid getting an actual
fist fight against some people say is an
actual skill date they forget what it
means or why people fight on the outside
people fight on the outside because they
don't have the strength to trade with
their opponents and they don't have the
toughness or they don't have a good
enough shin to be in there with the
inside fighter they don't have the
strength and their punches to actually
affect the guy when being able to trade
back on them and actually hurting that's
the reason people fight on the outside
though they may have a reach avenge a
height advantage and they're trying to
utilize that why would you pick an
inside fighter with 99 98 dreams to go
to go run on the outside does that make
any sense another cheap way of just
getting things done so for most of these
guys withstand I guarantee you I can get
some money from my household doesn't
even play games hasn't touched fight
night champion in their life and I can
coach them on how to spam in 3 minutes 3
minutes 3 minutes flat and they'll be
able to imitate that style and do it
well and do it good too and they will
have no problems or no trouble getting a
win on an online world championship
matchup I want to know one's a lot of
you guys the pond on that who go out
there fam straight since I stuff
uppercuts use the most basic consensual
Arsenal on the game and if it was so
easy why so many people can copy and why
so many people are doing it what makes
the skill set that you have so unique
from everybody else's if it's such an
art how come everybody can do it why is
the most people doing it if it's such a
skill skills are hard to mess and it
takes a lot of time to do it pond on
naska'we this is your boy fighting its
finest the sofa cama sitter no more
peace
you